================================
Excerpts from Before Great Split
================================


Translator’s Note
=================

These short stories are set in various time periods that we will specify in this Translator’s note. The stores come from various sources written and verbal that we have taken the libery to translate for our human readers. We would like to note a few things before proceeding. Most of these stores have either been written in a diary as personal thoughts or compiled from various historical documents and verbal traditions. They have been compiled into a narrative for the enjoyment of the reader. Nonetheless, these stories are to shed light on the general idea of daily lives in various eras of Teathudan history. We would also like to note that not all people in the Teathudan history had lives similar to our selection. On the contrary, there are many more factors than even geographical region that these short stories originate from such as social status, time period, historical background, age of narrator, as well as opinion of the writer and changes in verbal tradition throughout the ages that might influence the story and its validity. Secondly, while these stories have a basis in primary source, they are not bereft of falsities. There is always a hint of bias. As such we advise reaers to read critically.

We also include various variations that may have cropped up. When these variations do show up, we will quite clearly state them in the foot notes or, in case of an important variation, in the text itself. Furthermore, at the end of each story, we include a comment frm either an Isitetho or Zoedashi on the validity and accuracy of each variation.

As a usual note to human readers: these short stories have been translated from Zean to English. As such keep in mind that some parts may not be the most accurate pronunciation much less translation. On the other hand, we will have some footnotes for human readers on confusing details that might have been glossed over by the accounts due to cultural differences.

Unnamed (Story #1)
==================

:mark:`Short summary (only as a rough draft): Story is centered around a few characters: a dancer who falls in love with a warrior, and a sculpture who has landed in between the hostilities of a dangerous affair.`

The first time I saw her, I only saw through the lens of our disdainful, highbrow society too engrossed in themselves to notice others. I felt the same disdain as those that my father and mother [1]_ felt. The same as my sisters [2]_ beside me felt. But somewhere there was a feeling of pity on those people who had to spend their time training for and performing these barbaric beauties. Sometimes, when my mind wandered, I could almost feel a sense of admiration for their bodies, which were so similar to our dancers. Of course, their rather large and bulky muscles were sometimes distasteful, there was a similarity I could see.

I shifted my eyes off of them as they marched by. A young sculpture from the Risa family was presenting a sculpture they had been working on. Most families had needed to present something for the entertainment of the populace before the Prime Matriarch addressed her people. I was still panting from my dance commemorating Ashieti who watched over us as a mother [3]_ would. The sculpture, announced as Risa Torusa, was a tall, and beautiful Teathuda. Her height was hidden by a beautifully wide body and a surprisingly well-endowed chest. Her eyes had a touch of weariness and apprehension, but also a glimmer of wild excitement. The Prime Matriarch, to the left of us nodded, and the young Torusa walked towards the large statue covered in a thick red cloth. While the cloth covered the cloth fairly well, it was not able to hide the tall stately form of the sculpture.

“I call this the Motion of Beauty!” she said in a tone that shone of confidence but hinted at the inner apprehension of the sculpture. It was a feeling that any emerging artist felt, and so had I just moments ago.

With a quick pull of the sheets, the red cloth slid down from a statue, and I sat face-to-face with myself. There was an amazing gasp from the crowd as the statue was unveiled, and from the corner of my eye, I could see several of my sisters looking at me, mouths agape. Torusa in the front stood still in the front, furiously blushing. While I myself did not know how to react.

The statue, white with pure marble, was me frozen still on the balls of my feet, chest out, chin up, looking up at the Aidi, with arms elegantly behind my back and ayastrars outstretched. Yet the amount of detail in the workmanship was more than astounding. From the wrinkles on my forehead to the strands of my flying hair to the folds of my clothes every detail was present [4]_.

Even the Prime Matriarch slowly got out of her seat and acknowledged Torusa’s work by wrapping her ayastrars around her leg and making small bow by the hip. Yet I could see that as she got up, her eyes reached mine and nodded. It was cryptic gesture, one which I could not decipher. Was she acknowledging my non-existent role in the creation of the piece of art? Or was it an acknowledgement of me in the piece of art? One thing I was sure of. This revelation of Torusa heralded something that I had been ignoring for a long time. This was a sign from Torusa of her interest in asking my hand.

The initial surprise faded, and anger began to crept in. Who did she think she was to declare such a major decision in the public in such a spectacular manner so as to force my hand? Yet the way Torusa was blushing, it did not seem like she knew what she had done. That made me angry even more so.

I stood up, drawing the attention of everyone in audience.

“Please excuse me, Father.” I said, bowing to my father, ayastrar wrapped around my legs and kneeling down all the way so as to touch the ground. I turned towards the Prime Matriarch and knelt as deeply to her. “Please excuse me, Father.”

And with that, I angrily shuffled away, trying not to display any emotions. From the corner of my eye, Torusa’s smile faded away. I brief moment of compassion almost convinced me to go back, but then I decided not to.

I walked away, trying to put as much distance between the crowd and myself. I could almost hear the confusion in the crowd from here. I heard a voice call out my name, but I ignored them and kept walking. I passed the large brick buildings of the greater families, and the small brown buildings of the workers and soldiers near the edge of the town, past the barbaric soldiers who were moving out of their uniforms and dispersing back from their duties. They bowed when the saw the young member of the greater family, a small bow from the hip. I ignored them and kept walking towards my favorite spot on the cliff near the sea marked by a solitary Vousha tree.

The smell of the sea reached me, reflecting a white light with a tinge of red from the slowly setting sun. Anger ever growing, I sat down a little too hard and heard my dress rip. Today just seemed like a dreadful day. First Torusa confessing her presumed love through a naïve but extremely political method, and then this. Now, I would have to work my way through town in the dead of night to avoid the creeping eyes.

Forcing the thought out of my mind, I leaned back against the tree, trying to relax, take in the rhythmic falling of the waves and slow rustling of the tree’s branches. The flowers from the tree fell down towards me, landing on my hands and emitting a sweet enticing smell. The flowers from the Vousha tree smelled only when interacting with Teathudan skin. I breathed it in, savoring it. I closed my eyes, and slipped down, dozing off to the waves.

That’s when I saw her again. Her feet echoed out towards the calm mind entranced by the sea and thus disturbing it. I bolted up to see the soldier in standard black clothes without armor slowly walking towards me.

“What do you want?”

“I was just checking on the lady. She seemed upset when she came.” The warrior did not seem nervous when she spoke. Her voice was almost smug.

“I do not need anything except to be alone. You may leave.”

“If I may say, sometimes it is best to not be alone even when one thinks they should be. Especially when one thinks they should be.”

The woman did not help in my anger. I got up and stomped over to the woman. “I did not ask your opinion, you insolent soldier. Who do you think you are to advise me? Leave now or else!”

The calm warriors face seemed to change in an instant. An angriness that I surprisingly had never seen in a warrior came out. Out of nowhere she grabbed me by my shoulder and pushed me up against the tree. “Or what?

You have no authority here where you are alone. I can crush you and throw you down this cliff this instant.” More flowers fell from the tree, floating towards my face and hers, filling the air with a fresh Vousha smell. Yet the smell did not help my rapid breathing at being rushed. The soldier’s hands were a strong, stone grip. The woman’s face was the same intensity as before, and there was a hint of contempt in her eyes. And suddenly, as soon as it came, she relaxed, and her face seemed to grow and calm as ever.

“Sorry, mistress. I overstepped my boundaries.” She stepped back and knelt. I controlled my breath as taught by my instructors and looked at the woman. I had a strange sensation. Curiosity.

“Get up. Strangely, it seems you have convinced me with your aggressive behavior, and I agree to have your company for a few moments.” I sat back down, still a little heavy in breath, and farther away from the woman. “What is your name?”

“Uti”

“And your family?”

“I don’t have one. I guess I will need to be adopted to a family. I arrived here as a child without parents.”

“That shouldn’t be a problem. We are very accepting, and you shall soon be a veritable citizen of this town.” The woman, Uti, smiled.

“I apologize again for my previous behavior. We soldiers are taught to keep our more aggressive emotions in check, yet sometimes…”

“Nay, it is my fault.”

Unnamed (Story #2)
==================

“Glory to the Moon Empress!” the messenger said, kneeling down fully before the great, white throne. His voice echoed own the massive hall amidst the buzzing of the mumbling courtiers whose bright clothing popped in the backdrop of the white arches and columns of the hall. The great hall went quiet as the messenger spoke, “A traveler requests an audience with the Empress and her Consort. She claims to bestow a grand figt to the Consort in celebration to the continuation of the Dynasty.”

The applause in the hall halted as the Empress raised her hand. “Let her in.”

The messenger left and soon after her came the traveler. The handsome woman was garbed in a strange assortment of clothes. Those well traveled recognized some elements of the brutish Ithira people and the desert Uvara people, yet there were many aspects of the clothing that fit neither cultures ideology. Moreover, the woman was herself an amalgam, who walked with the haughtiness of the Ithira but had the countenance of the humble Uvara. There was a sense of confidence in her steps and her expression lacked the usual awe at seeing the white hall. The astute may even have sensed an apprehensive yet agnry gait.

But most courtiers were distracted by the stranger’s pale white skin contrasted with jet black hair, itself an oddity on the mainland. But even stranger were those solid black eyes [5]_ that brought with them a strange intensity. The stranger approached the trhone gazing steadily at the Empress. The customary kneel was replaced by a discourteous nod. A look of annoyance passed through the Empress’ eyes, but she said nothing.

“May the Moon Empress shine brighter than Ashtasia [6]_, that illuminates the wearist of travelers in the darkest of nights!” the stranger exclaimed. “Glory to the First Queen, whose smile twinkles as those eternal stars that have radiated over kingdoms rising and falling!”

The proclamation elicited a nod of approval from the Empress but not the praised smile from the Consort. “Welcome to the Moon Empress’ court. You are quite eloquent, stranger. What is your business? Where do you come from?”

“I am but a simple traveler who has come to gain favor of the mightiest kingdom this side of the Aidi’s realm.” The stranger accompanied her speech with strange flourishes. “I have traveled through the Uvara lands in the north and slept with Ithiran through their western winters. I have met with savages in the southern peninsula, learned from the tribes from across the great sea, and traversed through the oceans of the Aidi with deadly pirates, before arriving at your threshold. Thus, I call no lands my home, but this entire Aidi’s realm my domain.

“But from the far-off lands, specifically from those that call themselves Sura, I have brought gifts for the First Queen to celebrate what she represents for this kingdom and her people; to commemorate the continuation of the Dynasty into a new era of greatness.”

“Present them, stranger. I, as well as the Consort, am eager to see what you have brought from these strange lands. After which, you must entertain us with stories from these other realms.”

The stranger clapped twice, and a number of attendants walked out from the side of the halls carrying between them 2 large chests each intricately carved with foreign depictions of strange animals and dieties.

The stranger opened one chest without delay, revealing a variety of bags, which, on opening revealed a colored powder. “This is a most exquisite spice obtained only from processing fruits from massive and most vibrant trees found on the Sura mainland. A dextrous tribesman climbs the broad trunksto reach a large, green fruit. This contains a cluster of pods which are soaked in the milk of a Eriata [7]_ for 7 days before being dried and grounded into the powder you see now. When served on the bark of the same tree, this spice gives off a most pleasant smell and tastes of the nectar of the Aidi.”

Attendants brought 2 portions of the mentioned delicacy which immediately filled the court with an overwhelming aroma. The item, a small slab of meat served on a thick white bark was given to the Moon Empress and the Slave Queen [8]_. The stranger patiently waited as both figures took a bit of the meet. The Moon Empress was clearly overjoyed and savored each morsel. On the other hand, the Slave Queen maintained her usual quiet self, indulging in only a single bite and bereft of any reaction.

“A truly excepional item. You must inform my cooks on the best usage of this spice!”

“Of course, Oh Empress. This second item, while for the First Queen, is more for you Empress,” the stranger said. She opened the second trunk to reveal stacked clothing. “This set of clothing, the only ones of their kind are for the First Queen herself.

“Sewn by master Sura weavers in their peculiar style, adored with metal ornaments by skilled Ithiran metal workers and accompanied with jewelry from the norhter Uvara, each outfit is meant to showcase the elegant First Queen’s delicate countenance. At the same time, each of these outfits provide more enjoyment to the beholder of the worn outfit than the wearer.”

The stranger reached into the chest and pulled out the topmost cloth. The dress chimed with each movement and unfolded in a dazzling watefrfall of soft cloth and shiny metal. “As a humble commoner, I deign to request a wish above my station. I would be honored if the First Queen grant me the privilege to see her beauty in this gift.”

The Slave Queen stared at the stranger before glancing at the Empress. Only once the Empress had nodded in her direction did the dark-dressed attedants of the Consort usher the woman out to get dressed.

“What does the traveler want to achieve with these gifts?” the Empress asked, leaning with curiosity.

“Nothing but the goodwill of her Empress’ people and land and the favor of the Empress herself.”

“You have it traveler. I shall give you rights to trade your spice with the Empire. Only you shall be allowed to sell this delicacy to Palace and the people of my land. So name your price and you shall have it, untaxed.”

“You misunderstand, Empress. I am but a traveler. I’m no merchant. Trading rights are to me as shackles around a free man’s feet. They only restrict me.”

“I am saddened to hear those words, but the throne shall respect your wishes. But you must-”

The Empress stopped as the Slave Queen stepped out. Each movement of hers created a beautiful sound that echoed across the hall, creating a symphony that shamed the most melodious of birds in the Empress’ Aviary. The metal in the dress framed the Queen’s figure, yet the soft cloth hugged some parts, selectively displaying the Queen’s beauty in an enticing manner.

“Exquisite! A most pleasing outfit. What do you think of it, my love?”

“It is beautiful, my lord,” the Queen said, drably. It was the first time the court heard her voice today. It was soft and delicate and suppressed. “It is refreshing to wear.”

“And do you feel any different, my Queen?” The Slave Queen turned to the stranger, looking at the traveler strangely as if noticing her for the first time.

“Yes, I feel lighter and… free?” The Slave Queen surprised to hear that. But the Empress even more so. The wild expression on the Empress grew more exagerated as she noticed the changes in her Queen.

The Slave Queen, who had a dark complexion, was slowly turning pale. Her hair gradually turned white, and her posture turned more regal, and confident, commanding. The woman started to rise off of the groud and a darkness engulfed the room.

“What is happening? What have you done, traveler?” the Empress screamed.

“She has freed me!” the Slave Queen answered. Her voice had changed. The quality contained the safe softness before, but it boomeed through the hall, amplified. The Empress, once sitting tall on her throne now cowered, overwhelmed by the darkness and gaze of the transformed Slave Queen. “I shall not be able to destroy your soul as I so wish, nor that of my past accursed torturers, but I shall make sure to make every moment of your passing a nightmare!”

At this point, the Slave Queen raised her hand to strike down the frightened Empress, but her hand stopped at the sound of the stranger’s voice. “You shall do nothing of the sort.”

The floating Queen whipped her head towards the stranger, her lips sneered. The darkness gathered around the Queen revolving around her like floating mist, ready to strike at her command. “You dare interfere with justice! Who are you to stop an Aidi!”

She left the Empress struggling with invisible bonds and zoomed towards the traveler. The stranger remained oddly calm facing the seering attention of the Aidi who was now close enough to touch her. The Queen revolved around the stranger, examining the creature.

“I freed you, Zara, to fully occupy that body, but you are still trapped in this realm. So you would be wise to not threaten the one person who can help you.” The stranger calmly walked towards the throne, her back turned to the raging Aidi. The courtiers, the ones that hadn’t immediately fled, watched in astonishment at the quick turn of events, each trying to avoid the gaze of the Queen.

“Who are you, traveler?”

“I? You know I used to love the woman whose body you now occupy,” the stranger said. “I would have expected you to recognize me from her memories. You are no better than her if you didn’t care for all the bodies you have occupied.”

“Do not compare me to them. You do not know of my betrayal.”

“Oh, I know,” the stranger said. She walked towards the Empress while talking. “I know of what happened to you. How you were trapped by your lover into bodies that they could control.

“You know I used to love the woman whose body you now occupy.” The stranger produced a knife from the folds of her clothes. Zara now watched with curiosity. “And then this one’s eyes fell upon her. I couldn’t stop her from taking my Area. They came for me and my mother, but I fled. So do not teach me about betrayal.”

The Empress struggled against her bonds as the traveler made quick, practiced slits across her body. Blood oozed out, slowly at first, but quickly soon after. “Traveling wasn’t my choice, but it gave me the knowledge to do what I have done today.” The traveler knelt down in front of the Empress staring into the eyes whose life drained out of them. The Empress screamed and plead, but the two Teathuda did nothing.

“I understand where you come from. And your revenge was well-deserved. Send me back, and I promise you our revenge shall continue in my realm. I shall continue her sufferering until she comes back to this land. I shall make her regret all her actions in this world!"

“But you don’t understand. Revenge wasn’t my only goal. Her actions-” the stranger pointed to the bleeding Empress- “have led me think this land needs someone else. I have come to reclaim not just my lover, but my throne.” The traveler faced Zara.

“I am Shruti, daughter of the Moon Empress Turia and Slave Queen Evtia, and the rightful heir to this throne.” With a swipe of her hand, Zara collapsed. That was the last thing the bleeding Moon Empress saw.

.. [1]
   For Teathudans, the terms mother and father do not mean the same thing, especially in this time period. For the period Before the Second Arrival, the terms (for which I had determined the closest approximations were father and mother) are actually more akin to “the person who sustains me” and “the person who gave birth to me.” The former is usually the dominant partner (typically a matriarch) while the latter is usually the submissive mate. As a side note, sometimes both of these persons are the same, for example, when a matriarch gives birth to a child. In which case the partner of the matriarch who shares the child’s DNA is usually just called my mother’s partner. Furthermore, the former term can also be used as a substitute for a mistress that you have served for an exceptionally long time. This is akin to respecting someone so greatly you give them the position of your father.

.. [2]
   The term sister encompasses all siblings that come from any one of their parents. So, this will include half-sisters born of either their mother or father. The Iriva nation has a complex family structure such that a matriarch will have mates that might mate within themselves or get other mates from society. That is, a family may have multiple sub-matriarchs, for a lack of a better term, with their own mates. Thus, we define sisters as all those siblings that share at least one parent with you. Whereas half-sister gets the meaning of a sister that shares a parent through a chain. For example, if your father’s mate had mated with another, the child would be considered your half-sister.

.. [3]
   Most people in the nation of Iriva worshiped Ashieti, who was wrongfully considered as the mother of the race. Of course, while Ashieti had a part in guiding the Teathuda to their current status, she did not have any hand in the creation. On the other hand, there is quite a lot of evidence that she sometimes took direct actions in Iriva society and the Iriva society is also considered to be Ashieti’s favorite Teathudans, although this is again only speculated and hasn’t been stated by Ashieti herself.

.. [4]
   This statue allegedly called Motion of Beauty made by the sculpture Risa Torusa can be seen on display in Zoedashi Sethi’s palace in whose domain the lands of Iriva resided in. It is generally considered true that Risa Torusa did use Sizvi Iva as her inspiration, but it is unlikely that Risa Torusa named the statue Motion of Beauty or even named the statue at all.

.. [5]
   Unlike humans, Teathudans are more likely to have lighter eyes. Dark eyes are extremely rare and considered attractive, akin to how light eyes are sometimes considered attractive for humans.

.. [6]
   Ashtasia is the brightest of the 3 moons orbiting the Adasi planet, but also has the fastest orbital speed. The traveler (whose identity will be soon uncovered) is referencing the fact that despite being the brightest, it also sets faster than the other moons.

.. [7]
   The Zean name of the Rohinic Pangolin.

.. [8]
   At this point we have used 3 different names for the same person. In the Moon Dynasty, the Consort, the First Queen, and the Slave Queen are names for the same person, the consort to the Moon Empress. The Consort is used in all official ceremonies and by the Moon Empress herself to refer to her consort, while the First Queen is used in all other times and by foreigners. The most contentious of all names is the Slave Queen, extensively used by even the commoners as it is considered an insult and must not be said before the Empress or any official guard. The name reflects the most common truth, that the Consort’s position is one of extreme restrictions and servitude to only the Moon Empress, but in all other aspects, she is defered to by everyone other than the Moon Empress, as Queen and given the same pampering treatment.
