====================
The Goddess Al-Manat
====================


The Goddess is the best warrioress in the desert. She is the desert. The desert is Her domain. She rides a beautiful Horse of Her sisters creation. Her clothes are made by Her. Her eyes are small but round with vertical slits for pupils with a very light shade of red. Her skin is a shade of sandy color. Her face is long and She has a small slightly upturned nose. Her ears are slightly pointed. She has a long, slim neck. Her breasts are large that are not affected by pregnancy. The nipples on Her breasts are inverted though when they pop out they have a sandy color. Her arms are muscular with 6 fingers on each hand: 4 fingers and 2 thumbs. Her vagina's lips are perfectly tight that shows little of the penetration that happens in each ceremony. Her legs are longer than her body with toes like humans.

Her Clothing
============

She covers Her face most of the time with a type of turban that has a long piece of cloth coming out of it which hides most of Her face except for Her eyes. The turban has a sandy color with a tinge of yellow. She wears a white bandeau with buckles on the side to tighten, loosen or take off Her bandeau. It is made of the softest material. Over the bandeau She wears a transparent midriff of a sandy shade. The midriff is sleeveless and covers the neck. On the sides of the midriff, near the armpits, there are two buckles to tighten, loosen or take off Her midriff. The Goddess prefers Her bandeau to be tight around Her breast and Her midriff to be loose.

She wears a white underwear with buckles on the side to tighten, loosen, or take off Her underwear. It is made of the softest material. Over the underwear, She wears transparent trousers of a sandy shade. On the sides, near the hips are two buckles to tighten, loosen, or take off Her trouser. Beneath the buckles, on both sides and at intervals of one foot are buttons. The Goddess prefers Her underwear to be tight around Her hips and Her trousers to be tight around Her hip and ankle and loose around Her leg joints.

On Her back are two scabbards on back holster for Her two scimitars. The scimitars have golden hilts inlaid with a ruby. On Her waist is a belly chain with a ruby hanging off the middle. On both Her wrists are golden bracelets. She also wears golden anklets on Her ankles. The transparent material she wears is so that it shows skin but you can see that she is wearing something. The Horse that She rides is also a beautiful sandy color.

This combination of transparent clothes and white underclothing makes the Goddess look naked from a distance. You would see the Goddess wearing only Her sword, bracelets, anklets and belly chain. A little closer and you will think that She is wearing sandy color bandeau and underwear. A little closer and you will see that She is wearing white bandeau and underwear over transparent midriff and pants.

Note: Before the Semination Day, the Goddess wore this in the Base without Her swords and with swords outside. After the Semination Day, the Goddess wears nothing on top in the Base and wears this outside.

Her Accompaniment
=================

The Goddess is accompanied by Her mate, Scarlett, and fifty women, all trained by Her in dual scimitars.

In the Base, each of the fifty women and Scarlett are required to go topless and wear their body chain. Outside each of the fifty women and Scarlett is required to cover their face. They wear the same clothing as the Goddess except underneath their midriff is a white bandeau that has an opening in the front to show cleavage. The opening is loosely sewed with a thin but strong thread in a criss-cross pattern. The sewing is tight enough to show a lot of cleavage but not their breast. The cloth is tight enough to show their nipples. Scarlett wears a gold body chain under her bandeau which rests in between her cleavage neatly. The fifty other women also wear a body chain made of silver. The body chain is tight enough to not look loose but loose enough to not leave an imprint in the skin.

They are not allowed to touch or talk to any man except in a formal duel or battle. They are required to show any women their breast and let them kiss it if they want as a sign of respect. No man can see the breasts or vagina of someone part of the Accompaniment. The Queen can have anyone of the Accompaniment, except for Scarlett, to have sex with her or any other woman or women of choice for her entertainment. She cannot order someone of the Accompaniment to have sex with a man or men. Any one of the Accompaniment cannot have sex with any man or men, even if they wish or not.

After the Semination Day, each of the Accompaniment are given a glass dildo designed after the penis of Scarlett and an ass plug of Scarlett's design. They cannot put in Scarlett's penis inside them. The most they can do is suck her penis or help her masturbate if her hands are busy. There is another dildo in the sex room that is double sided for two people and another that is designed to be put in the vagina and the ass at the same time.

The Base
========

The Goddess, Scarlett and the Accompaniment live in an underground palace called the Base. The main room is a huge dome that is situated under a sand dune. The sand dune is specially reserved for the Goddess by the Queen and guarded by her soldiers.

Underneath the dome are the rooms for the Accompaniment. Each room contains a bed fit for a Queen, a special storage for their specially made scimitars, one special storage for their uniform for outside and another storage for clothes for undercover missions. There are fifty rooms like that for each of the Accompaniment.

Underneath the rooms for the Accompaniment, is a huge hall for training. This hall, called the Training Hall, is equipped for formal and informal duels, skirmishes, training games such as capture the flag and pitched battles. There are hundred wooden scimitars in the room at all time and another hundred in its storage room. Beside this hall is another hall specially made for sex. There are about fifty beds that are the same size as those in the Accompaniment room, organized in five rows of ten. Another ten rooms are situated in the back of the hall for private sex that are not used often.

Underneath the Training Hall and the Sex Hall is the Goddess's room where Scarlett sleeps. The Goddess sleeps on the Sand Bed and Scarlett sleeps on a bed identical to the Sand Bed except the sand is red. Also in the room is a special rack for the Goddess's scimitars and Scarlett's scimitar. The Goddess has a wardrobe for Her clothes and Scarlett has one for her outside uniform as well as her undercover. On both sides of the Goddess's room are two other rooms for Her children. Her children also sleep on beds that are identical to the Sand Bed. They also have a wardrobe that have their clothes for all coming ages. They also have a rack for their scimitars.

The Ritual
==========

Every full moon, the Accompaniment conducts a Ritual that includes the Goddess, Scarlett and her children. The Ritual is conducted in the the main dome. The procedure of the ritual is never released in the public. During the ritual the Sand Bed is brought out of the Goddess's room. The Ritual is one of the only time that the Accompaniment gets to see the Goddess's vagina and bare legs. It is also the only time they get to touch Her nude body. The Rituals purpose is to bring the Goddess's followers closer to her. There are three versions of the Ritual that have been performed during the Goddess's life.

The first is before Scarlett came. In this version the Goddess undresses herself and lays down on the Sand Bed. Then each woman of the Accompaniment come to Her and stimulate Her to a orgasm. This is done until the Goddess orgasms thirty times by each of the Accompaniment. Each time, the Goddess's nipples pops anew and Her golden ichor comes out. All of it is gathered and stored in a secret storage.

The second version is when Scarlett came. In this version the Goddess is undressed by Scarlett and they conduct a sexual intercourse once and Scarlett's seed is put in her. Then slowly each of the fifty Accompaniment stimulate the Goddess to a orgasm and then move on to Scarlett. This is done until Scarlett and the Goddess has orgasmed fifty times. Then the Goddess herself stimulates Scarlett five times. The black ichor of Scarlett and the Goddess's sexual intercourse is gathered and stored in special storage in the secret storage the golden ichor is stored in the it's normal place. Scarlett's liquid is gathered and drank by the accompaniment member that took it out after she stimulates the Goddess. The Goddess gather the Scarlett’s liquid after she had orgasmed five times and then drinks it.

The third version is after the Goddess's children are born and have grown to an age of twenty years. In this version Scarlett undressed the Goddess and conducts sexual intercourse with Her and her seed is put in. After the black ichor is gathered she moves on to Ariana and penetrates her and puts her seed in her. Again the black ichor of the intercourse is gathered. Then she moves on to the Aliyah and penetrates her and puts her seed in while Ariana stimulates her mother to a orgasm. After the black and golden ichor is gathered Aliyah stimulates her mother to a orgasm. The golden ichor is gathered and then Aliyah stimulates Ariana to a orgasm. Then Ariana stimulates Aliyah to a orgasm. The golden ichor is gathered. Then each of the Accompaniment stimulate the Goddess and then Scarlett and then Ariana and then Aliyah. All of the golden ichor is gathered and both ichors are stored away in its usual place.

Her Children
============

The Goddess gave birth to two twins one older by a minute. The older twin was given the name Ariana. The younger twin was given the name Aliyah. Beside the Goddess they are the only one that can be penetrated by Scarlett. Their body stops changing after they reach twenty like the Goddess. None of the twins have gained the power of Scarlett. They also spill out golden ichor which turns black after it mixes with Scarlett's liquid.
