===================
The Pallakidan Army
===================


The Pallakidan Army is divided into three groups: the Prime Force, the Armed Force, and the Air Force. The Prime Force is a special unit of the army. It is directly commanded by the High Empress. The Prime Force is used as a frontline special operation force. The Armed Forces is commanded by a board of high-ranking Elits. It is used actively during war and makes up most of the Pallakidan Army. The Air Force is commanded by the Khatas. Its primary duty is to maintain the Empires air defence by air and by land and act as an offensive strike unit in war. It is also the main policing unit for surrounding space in the system, responsible for about 10 light years radius out of the system.

The Prime Force
===============

The Prime Force mostly acts in secrecy. Part of the Prime Force is the Suasids. The technology of the Prime Force is a lot more advanced than any other forces. The Prime Force is made up of 3 different corps: the Intelligence Corps, the Special Operation and the Suasids Corps.

.. rubric:: Intelligence Corps

The Intelligence Corps is assigned with gathering information from enemy. It does this by usually assigning spies if the enemy is Pallakidan, like a rebellion. Most satellites in the system can be accessed by the Intelligence Corps. When the enemy is non Pallakidan or not Pallakidan-like, then the Corps will use one of its many satellites or alternate methods including, but not limited to, capturing enemy soldiers, using drones, bribing, etc. The leader of the Intelligence Corps is directly underneath the High Empress and has the liberty to only inform the Empress of certain things that are deemed worthy by the Intelligence Corps Tact. The leader of the Intelligence Corps, the Ias Itaugi, is the highest post possible in the Intelligence Corps. The Pallakidan in this post has the unquestioned access to any information and is given the highest level of security. There is always exactly 501 people working in the Intelligence Corps, each of whose identities is erased from the system completely. They are directed into another system accessible only by the High Empress with a completely new name and info. The election of the Ias Ituagi is always done inside the Corps and does not include the High Empress. The Intelligence Corps, like all the other Corps in the Prime Force, do not directly in the Pallakidan Army system. They can access information from other units besides a Prime Force Unit without being questioned. In case they need to access a Prime Force Unit information they need special permission from the High Empress and the Khatas and which depends upon the situation. The Intelligence Corps is also required to reveal some necessary information each year to the other Units. Besides that, the Intelligence Corps also has to release information to the public after a happening only if it doesn’t harm the society, directly or indirectly. The Ias Ituagi has to write a monthly report to the High Empress and the Khatas.

.. rubric:: Special Operation

The Special Operations Corps is used for missions requiring extra safety and stealth. This can include the assassination of any important member of the enemy or infiltration of base for any information for the Intelligence Corps. And the Special Op. Corps is always involved in missions were hostages are involved. The Special Op. Corps usually works in tandem with the Intelligence Corps. The Intelligence Corps is required to give the Special Op. Corps information that hasn’t been given to the High Empress. The names of everyone in the Intelligence Corps is also recorded in the files of Special Op. Corps. Unlike the Intelligence Corps, a member of the Special Op. Corps isn’t completely erased from system records. They are given much more freedom than officers in the Intelligence Corps including being able to visit their family once before and after any mission is completed. Special Op. officers are also able to take days off. The leadership of the Special Operation Corps is given to two people instead of one. Any orders given to the Corps is supposed to be agreed upon by both of the leaders. Usually the leaders are Elits, like most of the Special Op. Corps. Most of the time the Elits that are elected are mates, if not, they mate later. They answer straight to the High Empress and do not take direct orders from anyone except for her. The leader of the Special Op. Corps is called the Ias Dautis. The Ias Dautis are elected once every twenty years. The Ias Dautis also escort the Empress and the Khatas in all the interplanetary meetings.

.. rubric:: Suasids Corps

The Suasids Corps is made up of Suasids trained in the art of war. The Suasids Corps are also divided into three parts: the Warlocks Brigade, the Suasids Engineer Brigade, and the Doctoral Brigade. The Warlocks Brigade actually take part in the fighting in the battlefield. The Suasids Engineer Brigade is not limited to the construction of civil projects for the Prime Force but also making exclusive weaponry for the Prime Force. Most of the weapons and weaponry of the Prime Force is manufactored by the Suasid Corps, specifically the Engineer Brigade, and not private manufactorers. The Doctoral Brigade is exactly as it sounds. It provides medical support in and out of the battlefield. It isn’t exclusive to the Prime Force and can also treat civilians when necessary. The leadership of the Suasids Corps belongs to a group of six people: two people from each of the major Brigades. They are addressed simply as the first Board in Zenian, although some people address it with *Ias* in the front but it is not required. The Board is not exclusively tied to the Prime Force. It is tied directly into the Ministry of Suasids and can question any command given to the Corps. Because the High Empress is in command of the Prime Force and in some ways the Ministry, there are aren’t many problems but the possiblity remains. The Suasids selecred in the Suasid Corps are taken only if the Suasid has been a registered part of the Ministry for atleast 5 years. It is special in the way that it can act independant of the Ministry as well as the Prime Force anytime but not both at the same time.

.. rubric:: Uniform

The uniform of any Unit in the Prime Force is not to be worn at every time. The uniform for any Intelligence Corps is to be worn at only ceremonial events in the Unit and during a general private meeting of Prime Force commanders. Besides that individual members wear the uniform only when designated by an official statement by the leader/leaders of the Corps. The uniform of any Unit is designed to show the ranks of an individual not only with badges on the uniform but also the style of the uniform. Each uniform is designated with an add-on for each level higher in the ranking system. In the Intelligence Corps, there are 3 levels each with their individual ranks, the first level being the highest. The first level includes the ranks of Unit Commander, Deputy Commander, Assistant Deputy Commander, Major Commander and Warrant Officers. The second level includes Brigadier, Colonel, Major, Captain and Assistant Officers. The third level includes Sergeant Major, Master Sergeant, Sergeant, Corporal, Private. The uniform also follows the code of keeping the midriff open at all times.

The uniform of the Prime Force is based off of everyday clothing in Adasi with nothing too fancy. The third level clothing would look very similar to everyday clothing if not for the badge. All level clothing have black pants that are loose. The shoes are knee length and the pants are tucked underneath the shoes. The shoes are heavy duty shoes with hard soles. The midriff, as always, is special. The top for soldiers with no level and not holding a command position is usually a normal, black midriff made of a soft cloth. It has thick straps and no sleeves. It shows some cleavage but not too much. The no level soldiers do not need a badge and usually all of them are the same. The regular soldiers in the Intelligence Corps is just the individual spies that are used for regular missions. The third level officers wear a special midriff a little different from the no level. The midriff is kind of strange. It is a black jacket that only covers the right breast. The right cloth is connected with strings to the other end. A separate cloth is sewn over the left breast and is sewn underneath the jacket. The back of the midriff also has a large oval cut into it to show off a portion of the back. The rank of the officer is usually on the left cloth in color. The jacket has a different collar in that it doesn’t completely cover the neck, only the sides. The chest remains visible while cloth covers near the edges of the armpit and the back except for the portion of the oval that is cut. The second level midriff strangely made. The right side of the midriff does not have a strap and instead acts like a bandeau and goes around the chest under the armpit. The left side does have a strap and is also where the rank of the person is shown. The left side does not have sleeve. On the midriff, right where the cleavage is shown, a brooch is place which has a long cloth attached to it. This cloth goes over the right shoulder, free. The first level midriff is kind of like the the second level midriff. The right side is also strapless and is acts like a bandeau. The left side is made like a cloak with nothing underneath. The left side hangs all the way down to the floor to the boots. On the left side there is a high stiff collar that is only for the side only. As expected the left side is very much covered by the cloak. The whole right side of the chest is almost completely exposed except for the breast. Unlike the third and second level uniform, the first level uniform shows the rank on the little cloth over the right side of the breast instead of the left side. Also on the first level dress, the wearer wears a ferroniere on the head made of leather.

Air Force
=========

.. rubric:: Uniform

Armed Force
===========

.. rubric:: Uniform

Command Structure
=================

1. Prime Force General: High Empress

2. Air Force General Board: Khatas

3. Armed Force General Board: Elit Board
