==================
The High Empresses
==================


The High Empresses are the three immortal rulers of the Adasi system. The oldest among them Iasedi has been frozen in time at the age of 137 according to Adasi years. Sakatha and Saiketas, the younger of the three Empresses were at the age of 23 when they were transformed, and look the age of 91 according Adasi years. The Empresses are the ruler of 1 star, 4 planets, 46 moons, and 1 large asteroid among countless other smaller asteroid colonies.

Empresses
=========

Empress Iasedi
--------------

Iasedi has an elegant figure and the body of a most beautiful person. She is taller than most of the Goddesses. Her skin has a perfect nude tone. Her eyes are small but round and for pupils she has small, black, vertical slits. She also has a full nictitating membrane. Her nose is small and slightly upturned. She has full lips and high cheekbones. She has slightly pointed ears. Her straight hair is pure black with a few streaks of permanent artificial red color in the end. She has a long slim neck that connects with fair sloping shoulders. The muscles on her shoulder stand out. She has six long fingers on each of her hands: four fingers and two thumbs. Her arms have a balance of muscle. She has a slim figure and perfect hips that match her chest in circumference. Her breasts are full with inverted nipples that strangely seem to fit her. Her breasts are perfect in that they are not too big or too small. Being bigger than Saiketas’ yet smaller than Sakatha’s, her breast provide more perfection to her already perfect body. Like Pallakidans, the breasts of the Empress have muscles in them that are exercised, which causes the large breasts of the Empress to be more firm. One of the things that distinguishes her from her creation is two protrusions, called iastrars, that protrude from her shoulder blades. These tentacle-like protrusions are connected to her spine and the Empress is able to move these at will. The iastrars are much more flexible than her hands though do not have the same strength. The iastrars are long enough to reach all the way to her ankle. The tip of the iastrars are extremely sensitive though the rest is normal skin and there is a single lock of hair on the tip which the Empress colors a shade of red. The iastrars, if connected with those of Empress Saiketas or Empress Sakatha, provide a strong neural connection that allows communication and to some extent the ability to move the other’s body. She has a smooth vagina with pink lips, perfectly tight. Her legs are long, longer than her upper body and attractive with a perfect amount of muscle. Her feet have five toes.

Empress Saiketas
----------------

Saiketas is the adopted sister of Iasedi and Sakatha. She is one of the anomalies that has surprised everyone. Her birth was in the form of a human, a close friend of the human that helped Iasedi and Samantha. She was called Scarlett. When Iasedi was sent to the different universe, Scarlett and Samantha went with Iasedi to the unknown. During the interuniversal travel, the three were cognitively connected, which caused both Scarlett and Samantha to take the racial nature of the Iasedi. Since Iasedi’s race was stronger, the racial structure of Iasedi took over the human aspect of Scarlett and Samantha. Scarlett took on a similar Zenian name of Saiketas.

Saiketas has a handsome body that was considered one of a kind on Earth. Her body type was more muscular and angular. After her transformation, her body became very beautiful, surpassing anything a human could be. She is taller than Iasedi. Her skin has a light shade but not pale and so it glows in a brightly lit area. Her eyes are small and peculiar. Her skin folds over the upper eyelid, covering the inner corner of the eye. Her pupils, though originally round, are now small, blue, vertical slits and she has a full nictitating membrane. Her nose is small, and slightly upturned. Her ears are slightly pointed on the top. She has full lips and high cheekbones with a certain angularity in them. Her hair is a naturally wavy, white cascade. She has a long slim neck that connect with a straight, wide, muscular shoulders. Her hand has six fingers after her transformation: four fingers and two thumbs. Her arms are muscular. She has a slim figure, with slim hips compared to her wide shoulders. Her breasts are small, compared to that of Sakatha and Iasedi, yet they are more impressive than a human’s. The muscles in her chest extend into her breast to provide a firmness to them. Her inverted nipples are a beautiful pink when they pop out in an orgasm. Just like Empress Iasedi, Empress Saiketas has two long protrusions on her back. The iastrars are connected to her spine and movable by will. They are very flexible but are not as strong as her arms. A long lock of hair the same color as her hair grows at the tip of the iastrars. These hairs allow a level of sensitivity incapable of humans or Pallakidans. These iastrars, if connected with those of Empress Iasedi or Empress Sakatha provide a strong neural connection that allows communication and to some extent the ability to move the other’s body. Her vagina is a beautiful tight specimen with pink lips, that has only been penetrated a few times, and never by a Dimidi. Her legs are long and attractive, with visible muscles. She has, like a normal human and Pallakidan, five toes.

Empress Sakatha
---------------

Sakatha is the adopted sister of Iasedi and Saiketas. She is a one of the anomalies that has surprised everyone. Her birth was in the form of a human, a close friend of the human that helped Iasedi and Scarlett. She was called Samantha. When Iasedi was sent to the different universe, Scarlett and Samantha went with Iasedi to the unknown. During the interuniversal travel, the three were cognitively connected, which caused both Scarlett and Samantha to take the racial nature of the Iasedi. Since Iasedi’s race was stronger, the racial structure of Iasedi took over the human aspect of Scarlett and Samantha. Samantha took on a similar Zenian name of Sakatha.

Sakatha has a beautiful body with a bit softer curves. She is considered as beautiful as Saiketas, if not more. While Saiketas is more muscular, Sakatha is a lot more feminine, although her body does not lack a certain muscularity which is later emphasized by the transformation. She is shorter than both Iasedi and Saiketas, while she has the same shade of light skin as Saiketas. Her eyes are small and soft, set beautifully. Her pupils, though originally human, are now the same small, purple, vertical slits as of Iasedi. Like Saiketas and Iasedi, she also has a full nictitating membrane. Her nose is long and sharp and her ears are slightly pointed. She has full lips, like Iasedi and Saiketas, but lower and softer cheekbones. Her hair is straight and a darkish red with streaks of black. Her neck slopes to fair shoulders that starts her beautifully transformed body. Her hand has six fingers after her transformation: four fingers and two thumbs. Her arms are thin, yet have some muscle from training in Adasi. Her figure is slim, like Iasedi’s, with a perfect waist that curve down to a beautiful belly before opening to her perfectly wide hips. Her breasts are large, easily larger than Iasedi’s. Her breasts are less firm than either Iasedi or Saiketas despite the muscles in her breasts, most likely because of their natural size. Her inverted nipples perfectly match her delicious breasts and can entice any Dimidi or Elit. Just like Empress Iasedi, Empress Sakatha has two long protrusions on her back. The iastrars are connected to her spine and movable by will. They are very flexible but are not as strong as her arms. The tip of the iastrars are very receptive to touch and filled with a lock of beautiful dark hair. The iastrars , if connected with those of Empress Saiketas or Empress Iasedi provide a strong neural connection that allows communication and to some extent the ability to move the other’s body. Her vagina is as beautiful as the rest of her body with perfect pink lips. Her legs are short, compared to Saiketas, yet they are longer than her upper body. She has, like a normal human and Pallakidan, five toes.

Dress
=====

The Empresses use a doctrine that comes from where Iasedi came from. Royalty usually leave their midriff open no matter where they are or what temperature it is. This doctrine is very ancient and is followed by the Empresses and the Goddesses. The Empresses don’t have to keep their midriff exposed at all times. The Royal Dress of each Empress is worn only on the day of the interplanetary meeting. There must be two versions of the Royal Dress: one for the meeting and one for public appearances. The version for the meeting is the main version of the Royal Dress. The version of the Dress reserved for the public appearances must have some kind of add on or removal to indicate that it is for public appearances.

Empress Iasedi’s Dresses
------------------------

.. rubric:: Royal Dress

This is Iasedi’s favorite dress. It is mostly used in court sessions. It is also one of the first royal dress that Iasedi had. The dress was a gift from the Khatas after Iasedi accepted them in her retinue and as her adopted children. One of the thing that is special about it is that an ancient technology using Blue Light. It is something that comes from the home of the Goddesses. A Blue Light component hidden in the dress serves as an invisible armor against powered weapons. This armor fully protects Iasedi against power weapons unlike the Pallakidan armor which hasn't reached the potential to fully stop a powered weapon. Most cannot see this armor. The armor stops anything that comes towards Iasedi. To touch Iasedi when she is wearing this, the other Empresses use a metal disk which the armor can detect. Of the twenty that the Khatas had brought from their homeland only 4 disks were kept, the other 16 were destroyed. The extra disk is kept in a safe where the dress is also put when Iasedi is not wearing it.

The dress itself is a beautiful black high-necked cloak, tight near the breasts and no sleeves so that the arms are open. The midriff is bare but the cloth in the back extends all the way down to the ankle. On the center of her dress is a cut oval that reveals some skin and slight cleavage. Two holes on the back allow a space for the Empress’ iastrars. On the hands there are two black gloves that expose the fingertips and the first finger joint, from the bottom. The gloves are fitted with a magnet that allows Iasedi to hold on to anything metal. The trousers are black and tight, so that they stick to the skin, and are made of exotic silk. Holsters, that blend in smoothly into the trousers, are strapped onto the thighs. On the trousers, there is a black belt with a silver buckle. Loops on the belt allow Iasedi to carry her favored double bladed, powered battle axes around. The trousers are tucked neatly into knee-high boots made of hard scale skin that are black.

The public version of this dress includes a white long sleeved jacket that is short and does not reach all the way to the waist. The white jacket is thick with fur lining the collars and the lapel and two holes in the back for the Empress’ iastrars. The white jacket is usually kept open although buttons are provided to give some protection. In addition the Empress sometimes wears a white transparent skirt that can be attached to the belt. The skirt is light and easily flies in the wind to provide an effect and is slit in the front.

Empress Saiketas’ Dresses
-------------------------

Royal Dress
~~~~~~~~~~~

This is a dress that was made by the Empress Iasedi as the first gift to the Empress Saiketas for the ascendancy to her race and to the status of Empress. The dress is designed to the particular musculature body type of the Empress Saiketas. It is also designed to be used anywhere, unlike the dress of Empress Sakatha which is immobile and cannot be used particularly well in action.

The top is a tight midriff colored blue. It covers the chest, yet the sleeves are swept back so much that the shoulders are exposed. The whole of the upper back is covered except for a small part of the skin that is revealed by an oval cut on the back that is wide enough to accomodate the Empress’ iastrars. The front has a long v-neck that shows considerable cleavage and has a peaked lapel. The midriff is double breasted and extends down much more than the usual midriff in the Pallakidan community do. The bottom are white pants that reveals more skin than most pants. The pants are tight, but provide excellent mobility. Near the thighs the pants are especially tight to show off muscle. Laced sections on the side stylishly show off skin. These sections start right before the knee joint and get larger as they go higher. The pant is much looser at the lower leg. The front part of the lower leg is cut altogether to reveal muscular legs. The remaining parts are tucked into a shorter version of knee high boots that only extend half way. A belt is used to keep the pants up. The pant is usually worn very low on the hip, so that the same area of midriff would be exposed if the midriff had been worn higher. The boots that come with this dress are not knee length but they do extend a quarter of the way to the knee. They are dark and made out of scale, like those of the Iasedi’s.

The addition to the Royal Dress has two parts. The first part is a kind of body less midriff. It contains only a long sleeve that is tight for the upper arms but loose for the lower portion of the arms, and a back that only covers the upper portion of the back. The collar of this piece of midriff is quite high but not tight, and both sides are attached together when worn. So when this midriff is worn by itself, it reveals the whole of the chest, yet covers most of the upper back. The second part is a detachable transparent skirt that is attached onto the belt. The skirt is a white transparent color, and is slit in the front for easier mobility. It extends all the way to the floor, and the back extends even further so that it drags along.

Empress Sakatha’s
-----------------

.. rubric:: Royal Dress

This is a dress that was made by the Empress Iasedi as the first gift to the Empress Sakatha for the ascendancy to her race and to the status of Empress. The dress is designed according to the culture of the new Pallakidan society and also likings of the Empress Sakatha. It is a dress that is very immobile and is not ever worn in any kind of active location.

The dress as always bares the midriff. The midriff is all based on a collar that is worn on the neck. Transparent, purple clothes are attached to the front and the back of the collar and these clothes expand as they go down to cover the breasts. The front cloth is made in such a way that as it nears any one of the nipple it gets denser to hide them. The two clothes, fully expanded and covering the breasts, are connected to each other by a thin string and folded under the breasts so that they are emphasized. The back cloth contains a large hole to expose the skin on the back as much as possible. The clothes are stretched as tightly as possible over the chest and fully expose the arms and shoulders. Because of the tightness of the midriff and how it emphasizes the breast it is considered very revealing by humane standards but acceptable for Pallakidans.The bottom is also as revealing as the midriff. The bottom starts off with a belt that is worn right above the hips. The belt is made so that it remains the same width and is usually worn over the head, so that it loosely hangs at the hip. The width is small enough so that the belt doesn’t slip off the hip, but large enough so that it can be worn over the head. At the middle of the front and the back of the belt, there is a metal ring that supports a cloth. The purple cloth, bordered with white, is a large loop similar to a skirt but without the contractions to make it fit a person, in that it has the same width from the bottom to the top. A small loop is created in the middle of the cloth in the front and back where the ring goes. The cloth is hung just by the ring so that it covers the crotch and the rear. The sides of the cloth hang very low so that most of the muscular thighs are visible for anyone to admire. Strapped sandals are worn on the feet alongside this dress.

The addition to Empress Sakatha’s Royal Dress is a kind of cape. The cape is attached to the collar via small hooks and is made of a thick material. Strings on the cape wrap around to the front and right under the arms to bring the cape to the side to cover it somewhat. The shoulders and arm still retain their mobility and exposure.

Empresses’ Dresses
------------------

All of these dresses are common dresses of the Empresses. All three of the Empresses have a copy of all of these dresses. All of these copies are similar in all aspects except for their sizes which are tailored to fit only that Empress.

Court Dress
~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress is a beautiful black midriff made of one of the most strongest materials in Adasi. It is made in a unique way. The collar of the midriff covers only the back and sides of the neck. The midriff opens out over the bust and shows some cleavage. The midriff is sleeveless and very tight. Although it protects a lot of the Empresses’ assets it does show considerable skin, especially near the bust. The back, as always, has two holes for the Empresses’ iastrars. The clothing underneath the midriff is very strangely made. There is a pant that is black like normal. It is very loose in the bottom but hugs the thighs tightly. Starting from the waist a cloth spills out making a kind of skirt. Although it isn’t needed, it creates a very appealing image. There is no front in the cloth and it only spills out from the back and the sides. This skirt-like style extends all the way to the knees and is very loose. On the feet are normal boots made of dark scaled skin that are knee high.

The addition to this dress is a very common one. It is a long, transparent white coat. The coat is sleeveless and extends all the way down to the ankle. The flaps of the cloak are attached together once right under the breast. The flaps, above the attachment are attached so that they spread out around the natural shape of the breast. The coat, like every garment, has two holes for the Empresses’ iastrars. The cloth of the cloak right above the waist is made out of white fur while the cloth below the waist is made of a light cloth that easily drifts in the wind. The coat has a hood attached to the back which is lined with fur.

Event Dress
~~~~~~~~~~~

The top is a short sleeved midriff that has vertical opening in the front showing cleavage. The midriff is made of a soft material and made to match a color scheme of black, blue and purple. A strong thread, threaded in a crisscrossed pattern, keeps the opening from going loose. The opening shows a generous amount of cleavage but not the whole breasts. The width of the opening determines how much of the breasts is revealed to a watcher. The back of this midriff has an oval section cut out to reveal the back skin and provide some space for the Empresses’ iastrars. The midriff itself has a long stiff collar. A part of the sleeve of the midriff is cut out to reveal much of shoulder but still retain the support given by the cloth. The bottom is tight black pant that covers the whole leg that are tucked into dark knee high boots made of scale.

The addition to this dress is a large, red cloak that is wrapped around the Empresses. The cloak, like the dress itself has a stiff collar. At the top of the cloak below the collar, a brooch is attached to each of the flaps. This brooch is attached to the midriff right on top of the openings. The cloak extends all the way to the ankle and is usually worn so that most of the cloth is behind the shoulder to expose the front.

Sibyl’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress has two parts. The top is black with a silver bordering. There is a very tight fitting midriff that has a high stiff collar. The midriff has a oval cut in the middle front, right over the breast, that shows considerable cleavage. There are also two smaller holes cut out on the side. The midriff is put on and taken off by tying the strings on the back in a crisscross pattern. These strings can also be used to tighten or loosen the midriff. Regardless of their tension, the stringed back results in most of the back being open most of the time. The midriff doesn't have sleeves. The Empresses also disfavor too much lace and hasn't included lace in their midriff. The skirt is long and reaches the floor. It is also cut in the middle to allow better movement and some show skin. Under the skirt the Empresses usually wear nothing at all. The skirt, like the pants of Saiketas, are worn very low over the hip so that much more of the midriff is exposed than normal. The shoes cover the whole ankle and are black with silver buttons on the sides facing out.

The addition to the dress is a special jacket. This jacket has long sleeves connected with gloves. The sleeves are special in that from the hands they extend to only the beginning of the upper arm where they are reduced to only a small strip in the back which goes on to connect with the main body of the jacket. This results in most of the upper arm being exposed. The jacket is opaque on the top but slowly becomes transparent as it extends down towards the knee. The back of the jacket has two holes in the top to provide room for the Empresses’ iastrars. The jacket gets slit on the sides when they reach the hips so that the front two flaps are freely moving. There is a button in the middle of the midriff to connect the flaps in the middle.

Tengri’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

On the head is a leather circlet with a black jewel attached on either side. The top is just like that of Goddess Tengri but is colored black and has an extra cloth. This extra cloth is put on before anything else. It drapes around the neck from the right side and is tied underneath the left armpit so that it covers the left breast. The special cloth is the same except for a longer sleeve that covers the whole left arm. The special cloth and the extra both have a hole in them to make room for the Empresses’ left iastrars. Then, a long cloth is wrapped around the upper body over the breasts and tied off under the left armpit to secure the special cloth and cover the right breast. A soft black glove is also worn on the left hand. The bottom is similar to that of Goddess Tengri. The underwear is black. A black belt with only one silver buckle facing the front is worn over the underwear. Unlike the Goddess Tengri, there are multiple strips of cloth that hang down. All of the start on the front left side and to the the back right side. The longest cloth hang all the way down to the middle of the lower leg. The sandals are just straps in a crisscross pattern that reaches all the way up to the knee.

The addition to this dress is a thick midriff that has hood connected to it which is lined with heavy silver fur on the edge. The midriff is meant to be left open in the front and so doesn’t have any buttons. The back of the midriff has two holes in the back for the Empresses’ iastrars. The edge of the midriff is also lined with silver fur on all its edges although they aren’t that thick.

Al-Manat’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress is only called a dress for formality. It shows skin like swimwear. On the top, the Empresses wear a black bra with straps studded with diamond and the actual cloth covered with plates of jade colored silver. The straps are thick and connect at the back of the neck. The back is completely open except for the strap that is tied underneath the breast. That strap, in the back, is curved to the top and connected to the strap that holds the neck. There is a sleeve which does not cover much. It is just a piece of black transparent cloth extending out from the armpits of the bra and is regularly attached to the other side over the arms. The bottom is only a black belt that is studded with uncut crystals. From the front part of the belt, right in front of the crotch, is a black cloth made of exotic silk that falls to the ground. A similar cloth that is a little wider falls down on the back to cover the rear. The cloth is placed in such a way as to not reveal the private spots but for assurances the Empresses wear something underneath in public events. Besides the main dress, there is also a headwear. Though it is commonly used in unison with the dress to protect the wearer’s face from sand, the Empresses usually wear the headdress when visiting their close friend, the Goddess, and sometimes in public as a decoration. It is just a turban with a piece of cloth hanging on one side that can be taken and fixed on the other side to cover the mouth and nose.

The addition to this dress is a cloth in the belt that is ingeniously sewn into the belt so that the cloth in the front and the back of the belt can be spread out over the whole belt making a skirt. The sleeves can also be brought together to cover the whole arms.

Khatas’ Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress is a loose dress considered very normal according to Pallakidan standards. Keeping with the style of the Khatas the midriff is loose and flowing. The midriff is black and mainly stays on the body with the shape of the breasts and the tightness provided by the elastic material. Straps are located but fall down on the arms to provide a decoration over the arms and do not help with keeping the dress up. This top, like always, exposes the midriff. Strangely the top is longer in the front and shorter on the back. The top slopes from the front and up moving to the back, so that most of the back is exposed. This also causes the breasts to be visible a little from the sides. The skirt is unlike that worn by the Khatas. It is longer than their skirt, covering the whole legs, and does not favor a side. It is also of black color and is slit in the front and back to provide air. This slit reaches all the way to the top of the skirt.

The addition to the dress is a headdress. The headdress is a band of ebony with transparent black cloth falling back. When the cloth reaches all the way to the ankle, it is usually tucked into the skirt in the front so that it is visible to the viewer.

Dea’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~

The dress contains many similarities between that of Dea’s dress in that it also favors covering the right side more than the left. The top is a very tight midriff on the top. It is strapless on the left side while the cloth slopes up towards the shoulder on the right side. The midriff is thin on the left side and barely protects the left breast. The cloth expands as it moves towards the right covering the whole of the right. The right side has a hole on the right side for the Empresses’ right iastrar. The black midriff loosens as it nears the stomach until it is loose enough that a unlucky breeze might well reveal everything underneath. The Empresses do wear something underneath on some occasions. The black pants are strangely made. On the right side, the pants extend down fully to the ankle and stick tightly to the skin while the whole left leg is fully exposed. Although unlike Dea’s dress, the Empresses wear knee high scaled boots on both feet.

The addition to the dress is a cloak that covers the heavily revealed left side. The cloak is attached with a chain and wraps around the chest instead of the neck. From the left shoulder both sides go down and connect together underneath the right hand. The cloak is wide enough to cover most of the back but only extends out enough in the front to cover a little bit of the left. The top and bottom are adorned with fur to keep warm in the Adasi winter.

Sotryphaena’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This dress has a complicated wrapping that can reveal much if something goes wrong. For this reason the Empresses always use a helper to wrap this dress. The wearer stands in the middle and in the front of the cloth. The right side is wrapped to the front, over the left shoulder. It is folded and made to fit over the breast. The same thing is done to the left end. It is wrapped to the front, over the right shoulder. Then it is folded and made to fit over the breast. Both the loose ends are twisted. And then keeping just part of the cloth twisted, the cloth is released and then wrapped around the waist twice so that the end ends up in the front. The same thing is done with the other end. The ends should meet again in the front and they are tied together and tucked in. On the feet, usually sandals are worn. The end product should be somewhat similar to the top of what Ma’ Sekhis’ dress looks like, except the ends are twisted and then spread out and make the skirt. Most of the back is open except for some cloth. The skirt made by the wrappings reaches all the way to the ankle. A golden arm band is also worn on both hands.

The addition to this dress is one of the simplest. It is a jacket that is long, transparent, and loose. The jacket has long sleeves which are tight near the shoulders but wide and flowing near the sleeve cuffs. The jacket, although transparent, does not cover the back to show off the entire back of the Empresses. Since there is not back the jacket is just a cloth with sleeves and flaps that fall down all the way to the ankle.

Thea’s Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress has a very unique design. The black bottom are pants that are made of a material that is very tight but soft. The top is a wrapping. It is a black cloth in which, unlike other wrappings cloth, both sides are connected. The cloth is first worn so that the cloth wraps around the upper body of the wearer, directly underneath the armpits. Then one side of the cloth is crossed over the other side and worn again in such a way that the right side is on the shoulder while the left side is under the armpit. The cloth from the left breast is removed so the cloth is under the breast. The wearer then straightens the cloth on the right side so that if spreads atop the shoulders. A tight necklace that spills out cloth from the left side is worn. The cloth is also connected to an armband which is worn. This cloth, which is split in the middle to give room to the shoulder, is spread over the left breast and back carefully although any movement of the left hand might reveal it. Shoes that have a low ankle are worn on the foot.

The addition to the dress is a cloak, which exposes the shoulders. It is a long rectangular cloth. Each of the edges of the cloth that are on the same side are attached to a brooch. The first brooch is attached in the middle near the cleavage, while the other is attached exactly opposite of the first one on the back. The cloak swings under the arm usually keeping the shoulder exposed though sufficiently covering the left breast. The cloak is never worn with the necklace with the cloth.

Ma’ Sekhis’ Gift
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The dress is one of the most revealing dresses than any of the other dresses. Given by Ma’ Sekhis the dress consists of a revealing bra and skirt. The bra is made of thin straps. Like a normal bra, the top has straps to go over the shoulder. All the intersections have a small ring where the straps are attached to. The bra is designed so that thin straps border the breasts and shows a deep cleavage. Inside each of the borders made around the breast, thicker strips of black cloth work to cover the nipples, although most of the breast is still exposed. The bottom is as revealing as the top. It is a black underwear adorned with rings all over the edges. A thin black cloth falls down from the rings. All of these black cloths are tied loosely together at the back so they expose the front. The cloth falls down all the way to the ankle but only covers the back while the front of the legs is still exposed.

The addition to this dress is a midriff with a deep cleavage that exposes much of the chest and shows off the strappy bra, although it covers much more than the bra. This midriff has loose and long sleeves. Alongside the midriff, much jewelry also adorns the arms and legs. Bands made of gold are worn on the arm and legs. A heavy golden ferroniere adorns the head.

Personal Armor
==============

Flight Module
-------------

.. rubric:: Description

The Flight Module is used by the Empresses when they want to look at a battle more closely. This is also the module that the Empresses wear when they have been called to meet an enemy. There are two parts to the Module, the first one is the hardware that enables flight while the second one is the actual clothing, armor, wind deflector field and a communication system using electromagnetic technology.

.. rubric:: Cognitive Hardware

The Cognitive Hardware in the Flight Module is an attachable component that is the main part of the Module. The hardware for the Flight Module is the GDC system or the Gravitation Directional Control system. This hardware allows the wearer to change the curvature of spacetime so that it only affects the component itself and carrying the wearer with the component. A CM is given the task of deciding the storage of a particularly large set of gravitational energy that can be stored in a point to change the curvature. The size of the storage depends on the model of the Flight Module. The Empresses’ module can manipulate a lot of energy that can accelerate to speeds higher than the speed of sound. The CM is controlled by a Pallakidan and so enables a way to steer. The speed can be controlled by how much energy is stored in the object you want to accelerate to. The GDC is also equipped with an emergency speed control system that automatically and gradually decreases the amount of gravitational energy to slow down the speed as the wearer approaches the target where the gravitation is stores. This system is excluded from wearer control so as to prevent tampering with this system by anyone. The GDC includes a protection system for the wearer against the heat. This system decreases the movement of immediate particles around the field that has been generated and so will make a shell of condensation whenever someone flies in a flight module. In particularly cold areas when flight speed isn’t much, it will work to maintain a hotter temperature. In short, the system will keep the immediate area around the wearer at room temperature. The attachment of the GDC is different than the hardware components of other armor. The GDC is tied to the back. This allows for a more stronger hold so that when the component is pulled towards the stored gravitational point, the GDC securely pulls the wearer with it.

.. rubric:: Clothing

This is the second part of the Flight Module that contains the armor for protection, wind deflector field to give more speed and, of course, the clothing which covers the Empresses' naked body. The clothing is, as always, a midriff but there are more layers underneath. The first layer is a thick midriff that cushions the naked body from the scratchy hardware of the hardware midriff. Over this midriff goes a hardware midriff that contains the wind deflector field and armor mechanism for the upper body. The wind deflector mechanism is a mechanism that maintains a mechanical field through a CM. This field helps protect the wearer from pressure attained by high speeds. The field is made in such a way that it even allows a boost to the speed of the module. Also on the hardware midriff is a armor component. This armor component only contains a mechanical field that deflects weapons and is not fully effective against power weapons as the MEC system. While the wind deflector field component is attached to front of the midriff right on the sides of the breast, the armor component is attached to the upper back above the GDC. Over the hardware midriff is the black outer midriff. This midriff is very thick and is a cushioning padding covered by the same tight and stretchy material in the ceremonial wear. The back of this midriff is extended to the pants so that some of the wires in the midriff can be connected to the pants. The midriff is sleeveless. The pants also have three layers like the upper body clothing. The first layer is cushioning pants that protects the body from the scratchy hardware layer. The second layer is the hardware layer. This layer only consists of a multitude of wirings that enable the extension of the hardware previously talked about. Over the hardware layer is pants that also have a padding covered by a stretchy and tight material. These pants are black and there is a black belt with a silver buckle. Holsters meant to hold guns are strapped near the crotch. A cloth headgear is worn for the main purpose of hiding the comm system. The comm system basically uses electromagnetic waves to relay information to a receiving point. Common EM comm system use lower frequency as they are easier to detect. The Air Force and Armed Force use a higher frequency, higher than the frequency of visible light. The Prime Force uses a frequency higher than the Air Force and Armed Force. A mike is put near the mouth underneath the cloth headgear while the receiver end is placed near the ears. The boots are specially made so that keep it keeps a lot of heat.

Reconnaissance Module 
----------------------

.. rubric:: Description

This is a very nimble armor, mostly used by spies. The Empresses use this armor when they don’t want to get noticed in the army. It is mostly used by them when they want the enemy to know that they are somewhere and then disappear from there and so not actually being there.

.. rubric:: Cognitive Hardware

The Cognitive Hardware, in the Reconnaissance Module, or the Recon Module, is the LD component. The LD component, or the Light Deflector component, allows the wearer to deflect any electromagnetic radiation that is coming towards them. There are many parts to this ability. The first and foremost of the component’s ability is to deflect any light whatsoever coming to the wearer. The light is deflected precisely when it hits a field that is right around the edge of the wearer. A CM in the module takes the shape of the person using the different energies located in the body to create a field around the wearer. The light, coming from any direction is swept aside from the field, around the wearer. The logic behind this is very simple. The field that the CM creates has two gravitational layers. The gravity that is directed by the bottom layer is directed away from the wearer while the gravity of the top layer is directed in towards the wearer. The light is bent by the gravity and because of opposing forces of the layer stays directly in the middle of the two layers. The light molds around the wearer and then passes out. The direction of each and every ray is kept straight by thousands of small CM in the module working every moment. These smaller CM only have one objective, which is keeping the light straight. The same CM that creates the gravitation field is also assigned the job of conforming the field to the movement of the wearer. There is a limit to the area of the field. The module of the Empresses has the capacity to only allow one being to be hidden. Another limit of the module is separate objects. An external object that a wearer carries will be included in the field and disappear from any watcher but will reappear when the wearer releases it. A machine that works by sending information by electromagnetic radiation will be disrupted by the field around the wearer, may it be a friendly device for communication or a non-friendly device to track the wearer. The signal though may be caught by accident to anyone with the proper receiver.

.. rubric:: Clothing

The clothing of the Recon Module has three parts to it just like that of the Flight Module. The first part is the armor, which is similar to the one used for the light armor, the communication system or the comm, and, of course, the actual clothing covering the Empresses’ naked body. The clothing is as always a midriff, although this midriff is sleeveless, with pants and a cloth headgear with slits in it for the eyes. The midriff, like the Flight Module has three layers. The first, innermost layer is a soft layered cushioning against the hardware layer. The hardware layer contains the hardware for the armor and the comm. The top layer is a thick layer to hide the hardware layer with a stretchy material. The bottom is the same thing: the first layer is a cushioning soft layered midriff over which is the hardware layer over which is another midriff made of a stretchy material. The hardware layer for the pants, like the Flight Module, is only wires for extensions of the hardware on the hardware midriff. The topmost midriff has an extension in the back that allows the wires to connect with the hardware layer in the pants. A black belt with a silver buckle goes over the pants. The shoes are specially made of very soft material as to make less sound. The cloth headgear is made of cloth and has slits for the eyes. It extends all the way down the neck to the neckline of the midriff. The armor hardware is the same powered armor fitted in the Flight Module. It is slightly modified so as to not make the crackling sound it usually emits when hit. The armor is fitted on the sides of the breasts in the hardware layer. The comm is a special system that is designed for the Recon Module. Since electromagnetic waves like radio waves cannot be used for communication, the comm system uses high frequency sound waves to communicate. Since sound waves said by any wearer is not high frequency, the CM in the system translate everything spoken by the wearer into a language that uses a higher frequency. The message is sent and then converted quickly at the station of communication. There are three types of high frequency languages used to send messages with this Module. The first one is a common messaging language available to anyone, the second is a military language used by only the Air Force and Armed Force, the third is a highly confidential language used by only the Prime Force. The Recon Module of the Empresses is equipped with only the Prime Force messaging language. The Comm system is located at the back of the neck and is connected with a mike under the cloth headgear. Another headpiece where the messages are received is placed on the ears under the cloth headgear.

Armor Module
------------

.. _description-2:

.. rubric:: Description

The Heavy Module is a heavy super soldier armor used to help fight against tanks. It cannot infiltrate small places and requires a lot of material and so only a few in the army has them including the Empresses, and the Goddesses. These Heavy Modules can pack a large amount of firepower and so are valuable assets in an open field.

.. rubric:: Cognitive Hardware

The Cognitive Hardware for the Heavy and Multi Purpose Module is as important for the armor as the clothing. This is a strange case in modules because unlike other Modules, Heavy and Multi Purpose Modules don’t only depend on their Cognitive Hardware to give them their function. The Cognitive Hardware for the Heavy Armor is a armor for deflecting the powered parts of any attack. They are not meant to withstand any physical attacks. But, the power armor of the Heavy Armor is a lot more effective than normal power armor used by regular soldiers. The Heavy Armor Cognitive Hardware is called Magnetic Electrical Component or the MEC system. The MEC system is a system that uses a combination of magnetic fields to slow down and repel the electrical fields around the edges of a power weapon. Although not in the name, a mechanical field is also used as protection against the actual weapon. There are three CM in the component: one controls the electrical field, another controls the magnetic field and one that controls the mechanical field. All three fields are equally important in the Module to maximize the protection against power weapons. The magnetic field is used to slow down and deflect the weapon. The electrical field is also used as a way to repel the weapon as specific electrons will try to move away from each other. The electrical field isn’t equally strong in all sides. Some points of the electrical field are stronger than others. The magnetic field then comes into play as it deflects each attack onto the strong point, away from the weak point. The mechanical field is equally layered over the surface area of the armor. It deflects the actual metal inside the weapon as neither the electrical field or the Red Energy are affected by it. The whole surface area of the armor are equally protected by this arrangement. The CM of their corresponding field regularly change their fields to match any changes made to the armor. The armor does not fully protect against a weapon, especially launched with a powerful force. In these matters, the weight and speed of the weapon counts as much as the power of the weapon itself.

.. rubric:: Clothing

The clothing is as important as the MEC system. Not all weapons encountered are power weapons. And in the MEC system only the mechanical field provides support against those which is not sufficient. The clothing of the Heavy Armor includes a huge suit of metal armor that is specially made to counter tanks and their weapons. The suit includes a component that allows the suit to pick up heavier material and withstand more damage. It can also do complicated analysis of fields and provide accurate information about the field. The armor functions by itself. The wearer is connected to the armor but does not have to exert any force to move it. The armor itself is double the height of any average Pallakidan. It is a full body armor and keeps a general Pallakidan shape. Most components are placed in the back of the armor. The helmet has a visor made up of thick glass with an inbuilt HUD display. Besides that, it includes a comm system for the wearer. The build of the armor is quite slim in proportion with the size of the armor. The pieces smoothly blend into each other so that when the armor is worn the individual pieces cannot be distinguished by themselves. The chestplate conforms to the chest in that it rises out to show the breast and then drops to the stomach. The armor on the arm are slim, like that of an average Pallakidan, but contain a lot of strength. The oversized weapons of the heavy armor go on the belt while few are situated in the back. The leg armor also contains an in-built holster that reveals the guns when directed. Otherwise the guns are hidden inside the armor. The legs of the armor is like the arms in that they have an increased strength but are slim like that of a Pallakidan. The Pallakidan inside the armor does not have much room but enough so that it can break its connection for a moment and do something else. A cooling system is placed inside the armor to keep cool the machine and the Pallakidan itself. Usually the Pallakidan inside does not wear any clothing as it interferes with movement in the constricted space. The inside of the armor is comfortable enough so that there is no uncomfortable or uneasiness.

Multi Purpose Module
--------------------

.. rubric:: Description

The Multi Purpose Module is a module containing a small part of every type of armor that the Empresses have. Although each part isn’t as effective as in its original module, they are all in one place and so making them easily accessible. The Multi Purpose Module is used in interplanetary meetings during war time.

.. rubric:: Cognitive Hardware

The Multi Purpose Module uses a smaller version of the MEC system called the MEC Delta. It has the same same concept of the MEC system except for slight modifications to help with agility. While the actual armor does allow quick movement, the CM in the MEC system cannot respond to quick movement. To deal with this the mechanical component in the MEC system is taken off. The reduction of energy usage allows for quicker movement. To improve speed, a modified version of the wind deflector mechanism is also used. Since the most of the clothing does not offer much protection, the CM in the MEC Delta are allowed to use more energy than in MEC. MEC Delta also allows variable energy, as the user can change the energy consummation instantly during battle field, something that few modules allow. The Multi Purpose Module also contains a LD Delta that can be activated any time by the user. This version of the LD can be used to hide indirectly in the dark and is not as powerful as the one in the Reconnaissance Module. The only system from the other modules that is not included is the GDC as that module uses too much energy.

.. rubric:: Clothing

The clothing of the Multi Purpose Module is very important although not as much. The clothing of the Multi Purpose Module is a combination of the traditional clothing and a more protective Armor style clothing. The pants are made of a black soft cloth. Over this is a hardware layer that only contains extension wires. Over the hardware layer is a thicker more stretchy layer to hide the hardware. A belt with a silver buckle connects the pants and the top. The top is a different matter. It is a large breastplate that is thick and conforms to the breast. The MEC system is placed on the back, while the LD is placed on the side of the breasts of the breastplate. The breastplate is thick and does not expose the midriff. This is because of the lack of a mechanical field in the armor module. The arms are kept exposed by this midriff. There is nothing usually worn underneath the breastplate. A helmet with a visor and an inbuilt HUD display is used as headgear. Besides that, the headgear also includes the Comm system. The shoes are made of the softest material to make as little noise as possible. The breastplate itself doesn’t weigh as much to keep the Module agile. The Multi Purpose Module is made to be a hit and run shoot that keeps protection against weapons but isn’t meant for a direct hand to hand fight.

Ceremonial
----------

.. rubric:: Description

The ceremonial dress is the dress that the Empresses wear in military parades in the public. They also wear it in military special parties for the celebration after a war or battle. This is also the standard military wear. Most professional soldiers that are currently in the army are required to wear this in any formal function may it be martial or not.

.. rubric:: Clothing

The ceremonial dress, considering that it is worn at all formal function, is very revealing. It follows the code of having the midriff open. On the top is a black midriff that is made of a very tight and stretchy material that shows a lot of breast. There is a chain in the front to take off or put on the midriff. It has a very high collar so that a Zenian would have a very stiff neck if it was chained to the very top. By an informal law, the chain is to be kept open enough to show a tiny amount of cleavage. The midriff has no sleeves. Medals line the right side on the top of the breast. The bottom is a black form fitting pant made of the same material. A holster is strapped near the crotch that carries guns. The shoes are heavy military shoes that extend all the way to the knee. The pants are neatly tucked inside the high boots. There is a special place for knives on the side of the boots that are concealed until used.

Weapons
-------

Empress Iasedi's Weapons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The primary weapon for Iasedi is two axes. These axes are power weapons, one of the deadliest of all since these weapons use a less diluted Red Energy. The axes have a short handle made of metal but is covered with a grip near the bottom. Each of the axes are double bladed with black etchings of the Iasedi’s personal insignia, the silhouette of a gliding riesis with two double bladed battle axes in its claws and siusis bordering it, saluting on the blades. The blades are of crescent shape and thick near the base where they connect with the handle. They get thinner at the very end, so thin that they can slip through almost anything. The end of the handle curves into a spike that is rarely used. The axes are made of the strongest Pallakidan made metal available in Adasi.

Empress Saiketas's Weapons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The primary weapon for Saiketas is two slim, flexible blades. These blades, that Saiketas can handle very well, are power weapons, equal in strength to the axes of Iasedi and the spear of Sakatha. The hilt is made of the same grip as that of Iasedi’s axes and Sakatha’s spear. The pommel itself is made out of a precious stone mined from the meteor Ias Edirao. Each of the blade’s hilt has a pommel with the personal insignia of Saiketas on the hilt, a black mountain with a crown on the tip. The crown is a golden band with black and blue jewels embedded in circlet. No crossguard adorns the blade. The blade itself is slim and not made to parry large weapons. The blade is thick where it meets the hilt and curves to an extremely sharp point near the end. The swords are made with a backbone that is extremely flexible, though when thrusted at the enemy does not bend at all. The swords are made of the strongest Pallakidan made metal available in Adasi.

Empress Sakatha's Weapons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The primary weapons for the Sakatha is a long bladed power spear, and a special shield. The power spear is a long pole of a very strong metal, while the long blade is about a third of the size of the pole itself and have the same power as the swords of Saiketas and the axes of Iasedi. The blade is thin and has a crescent shape, but with a straight point at the very end to make thrusts easier. The shield is a large circular shield that curves for deflection and uses a Module similar to the MEC system but stronger. The shield is colored with the personal insignia of Sakatha, a churning sea with her spear in the middle, crackling with power, and on the bottom is a crown. The crown is a silver band with black and red jewels embedded in the circlet.

Empresses’ Secondary Weapons
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The secondary weapon for all the Empresses is two guns. These guns have powered bullets and are one of the most accurate in Adasi. They are black and small with long barrels. A laser pointer is attached underneath the barrel for better aiming.
