===============
Iroe Bini Beori
===============


Body
====

Iroe Asproe
-----------

The Iroe Asproe gender of this race is a gender that is especially delicate and beautiful. They are modeled after the Elit gender of the Pallakidan race except for a few things that have been changed. The most obvious change is the brilliant white skin color. They have vertical slits for pupils that are restricted strictly to the color white. They do not have a nictitating membrane. Their noses are more defined, usually very sharp. The ears of the Asproe are very sharp, ending at a point at the very tip. They have long hair, that are maintained because of societal requirements. Their necks are visually very soft and delicate. Their shoulders are similarly soft, and they are quite wide. Their breasts are very large and especially plush and unlike Pallakidans do not have inverted nipples. Like Pallakidans, they are born inside an egg and lack a navel like humans do. Their arms are soft and delicate with only a few muscles that do not get much exercise. They have six fingers in each hand, just like Pallakidans. Their hips are always exactly as wide as their shoulders. Their body has far more curves than both the other genders. Like Elit, they have a vagina on their crotch. They produce a fluid that is the base out of which all babies can be made. When a Kitrshar or a Eryvena participates in a sexual intercourse with an Asproe and they inject their fluids inside the Asproe, the fluids will combine to create a baby that is of the gender of the one that injected their fluid inside the Asproe. The egg will stay in the womb of the Asproe for 5 months where it will grow. After 5 months, the egg will be pushed out of the womb and incubated outside for another 5 months. Unlike a Eryvena or a Kitrshar, an Asproe can mate with another Asproe. The process is similar when two Elits mate. The Asproes develop an egg inside of themselves. This will happen automatically when the body detects different Asproe DNA from sex. When this happens the two Asproe will exchange their eggs. The eggs will be inserted into them and will be then fertilized inside them. They will stay inside of the womb for 6 months after which it will be taken out and incubated for another 6 months. The fluid that an Asproe makes has a spicy taste to it. Alongside that, an Asproe has an extended lifespan, almost double that of a regular Eryvena or Kitrshar. Their hips are about as wide as their shoulders but their general form contains a lot more curves than either a Eryvena or Kitrshar. Their legs are small and delicate but are very long. Their toes are like normal humans.

The most important part of their body is their keystone. The keystone of an Asproe is so important that an Asproe’s keystone is separated into three parts. Two parts are located inside each of their breast while one is located inside their vagina in the very top so that intercourse does not hamper the keystone. They can change using any of the three parts, but to control an Asproe fully, all three parts are required. The keystone of the Asproe allows them to change into any type of furred creature. The Asproes have a natural lifespan of 400 years in their system.

Iroe Eryvena
------------

The Iroe Eryvena gender of this new race is a gender that is especially war-like. They are modeled after the Dimidi gender of the Pallakidan race except for a few things that have been changed. The most blaring difference is the skin color. The Eryvena gender has a light reddish skin tone. The Eryvena gender are as tall as Elits. Their large round pupils are restricted to only to one color, red. Their eyes have a full nictitating membrane. The Eryvena eyes have a heightened sense of sight because of muscles that constantly change the shape of their eyes for maximum focus. Their noses are just two holes right above their lips. Because of this their sense of smell is horrible. They also do not have ears that protrude out like a human’s. Their sense of hearing is also limited. They have long hair, that are maintained because of societal requirements. They have a short, yet slim neck and large muscular shoulders. Their breasts are small, yet still extend out more than male humans. They have arms that have much potential and grow very strong in adulthood. Like Pallakidans, they are born inside an egg and lack a navel like humans do. They have five fingers on each of their hands. The palms of their hands are very rough and sensitive. They are able to grasp tightly the smoothest of things. Their sense of touch is also very precise, able to detect different compound material with their eyes closed. Their waist are very thin, just like those of an Elit. Like a Dimidi, they have a penis that can ejaculate. Because of their muscle filled body, the penis of a Eryvena can grow to be very large and hard. Because of this, a Eryvena is able to give a lot of pleasure. Unlike a human, whose testicles are exposed, the testicles of a Eryvena are stored safely behind hard bones. The Eryvena, like Dimidi, have a special fluid that they produce that is used to fertilize an egg. The fluid that the Eryvena make also render the offspring a Eryvena. The fluid of a Eryvena has a bitter taste. Their legs are long and muscular. Their capacity to carry weight, when fully developed, is more than three times their own weight. They have four toes in each leg, and have the same roughness that are in their hands.

The most important part of their body is their keystone. The keystone of a Eryvena is stored in their chest. The keystone of the Eryvena allows them to change into any form that has wings. The Eryvenas have a natural lifespan of 300 years in their system.

Iroe Kitrshar
-------------

The Iroe Kitrshar gender of this new race is a gender that is especially intelligent. They are modeled after the Dimidi gender of the Pallakidan race except for a few things that have been changed. The most blaring difference is their skin color. The skin color of the Kitrshar is a slight shade of light yellow. Most all of their skin is very receptacle to touch. For that reason, their skin is very sensitive and clothing is a must. Their skin is very tight and stretched out over their mostly fat filled body. The Kitrshar gender is very short, a head below an average Dimidi. The pupils of their eyes are restricted to only one color, yellow. They have round pupils that are small. Their eyesight is average. They do not have a nictitating membrane. Their noses are more defined than the Eryvena but less than those of the Asproe. Their ears are also more defined than the Eryvena but less than the Asproe. Their hearing is average. The Kitrshar sense of taste is very much heightened. Their tongues are very delicate. They have long hair, that are maintained because of societal requirements. They have a small neck, and delicate shoulders. Their breasts are small but seem large because of their thin and short body. Like Pallakidans, they are born inside an egg and lack a navel like humans do. Their arms are small and thin, but have a strength that is required for the much writing they do. They have five fingers on each of their hand. They have a thin waist that is about as wide as their shoulders. Their body has far less curves than the Asproe. Like Dimidis, they have a penis that can ejaculate. Unlike a Eryvena, the penis of a Kitrshar is far smaller and soft. Yet because of their intelligence they are able to give pleasure equal to any Eryvena. Their testicles are located outside of their main body in a small sack like a human male. The Kitrshar, like Dimidi, have a special fluid that they produce that is used to fertilize an egg. The fluid that the Kitrshar make also render the offspring a Kitrshar. The fluid of a Kitrshar have a sweet taste. Their legs are very long. They are thin yet strong. They have normal toes like humans.

The most important part of their body is their keystone. The keystone of a Kitrshar is stored in the back of their neck near their spinal cord. The keystone of the Kitrshar allows them to change into any form of a Pallakidan, may it be an Elit or Dimidi, though this doesn’t necassarily mean that they have the same anatamy as Pallakidans. The Kitrshars have a natural lifespan of 300 years in their system.
