===========
Event Dress
===========


This dress is the official wear of Iasedi during any event where the Goddesses are leading an event. In any of these events Iasedi is below the Goddesses in authority and is put in a position outside of the normal rank. Iasedi becomes almost equivalent of a slave to the Goddesses where she doesn’t have the option to do anything without their permission. But she cannot be commanded by anyone else. The Goddesses have full access to Iasedi, although their commands cannot contradict each other in which case they are voided. The Goddesses also cannot command her to harm anyone or herself or put her in a dangerous position. These events cannot be held during war time. The events are held with the permission of Iasedi, although she cannot order to quit during the event. This event is usually ordered after a war is won. Many soldiers, often ones awarded an award for bravery, are invited to this party. The soldiers range from the lowest to highest rank and are only picked from ones with active battlefield duties. The soldiers can interact with the Goddesses and especially Iasedi as equal at these event. Usually in these events, the soldiers have a chance at the very end to have sex with Iasedi or the Goddesses. When the event features this, everyone invited in the party gets to have that chance with either Iasedi or one of the Goddesses and not one gets left out, Dimidi or Elit, low or high. This event is ordered with the permission of Iasedi, whenever she wants to. While this event is mainly used for Iasedi, anyone can be the slave at such organized events, including the Goddesses, with the exception of Sakatha and Saiketas.

The clothing itself is very scant to show the submissive position. The midriff can be opted out of in which case Iasedi would only wear pants to cover the crotch. These pants are usually solid but thin and tight. Even the pants are worn a little lower so that the starting of cleft of the vagina can be seen barely. When the Goddesses order her to actually wear clothes it is usual a skimpy top and pants. The breast is barely covered in this top. The top is a black midriff, made fully of revealing lace except for near the nipple where it becomes a little denser so as to hide it. The midriff is sleeveless. There is a black band at the neck from where the lace is worked out from while the lace ends in a similar band right underneath the breast. A slash in the middle of the breast fully reveals the skin in the middle. Similar bands also indicate the end of sleeves. The bands are stretchable so as to make it easier to wear. Underneath there are black pants that are also worn low so the the beginning of the Iasedi’s cleft can be seen. The pant is also very skin tight so that the cleft of Iasedi can almost be seen if looked at closely. The pants mold the leg completely, leaving no part loose. The part underneath the knees is made of lace just like midriff. The lace is not as dense and shows skin as if there is nothing there. Usually there is nothing worn on the feet, but when the occasion arises Iasedi is required to wear sandals. At a rare time when the Goddesses feel more sexual than usual, they may order Iasedi to wear a special item, used only by the Goddesses among themselves when alone. The item is a tube molded into the shape of a member of a Dimidi. Iasedi is ordered to wear this and perform many things meant to excite her and be seductive. The particular tube that Iasedi is usually always ordered to wear is the mold of a particularly large member of a Dimidi. It is usually inserted in Iasedi’s vagina after which the pant is worn. This tube is usually kept in throughout the whole party. In some rare, occasion the tube may also be ordered to be placed in both the vagina and anus.
