===================
Traditional Dresses
===================


Siudi
=====

The traditional dress for a Teathudan in Siudi’s state is very modest. Because there is no doctrine that holds the Teathudans, the traditional dress doesn’t expose the midriff. The weather also discourages people from wearing anything too revealing.

The dresses that Teathudans in Siudi’s hold wear is almost similar in style to Siudi’s dress. The dresses are long and flowing and cover the midriff unlike Siudi’s dress. Teathudans in Siudi’s domain are the most modest of all the Holds. The dress is usually long while younger Teathudans wear knee length hemlines. For the more wealthy Teathudans, the dress buttons from the side to the waist, while for the lower class Teathudans have a laced tops usually. Lighter material is more expensive and so used by wealthy Teathudans. Dresses for working Teathudans are split in the middle to allow for easier movement. Under the dress, Teathudans usually wear shorts or stockings, or pants for some formal occasion. Separate skirts and shirts are often found in markets, but are considered informal and worn only at home. In those occasions the front is laced down to reveal cleavage but tied up as soon as guests come in or they go outside. Shoes are usually long and reach the knee outside. The more expensive shoes are made of leather while cheaper shoes are made of cloth or less durable material. Jewelry is reserved for wealthy Teathudans.

Shataie
=======

The traditional dress of Shataie's realm reflects the climate of the mild weather of Ausai. Because of the heat that the thick atmosphere maintains, the traditional clothing of the Teathudans is very open. The traditional dress does not reveal much about the social position of a Teathudan unlike other dresses in other holds.

The dress is again very revealing. At home, most Teathudans, rich and poor, stay completely naked. Outside, they wear a loose midriff-like clothing that provides a good circulation of air to the breasts. Shawl-like, the midriff is usually made of light material. The fashion for the more wealthy Teathudans is an open midriff. This midriff is just a decorated rectangular cloth that is wrapped around the shoulders. Usually some kind of string or strap is attached to one of the flaps and is tied around the opposite side so that not too much is revealed. These midriffs are usually reserved for only formal occasions. More normal outdoor midriff is a shawl that rests on the shoulder and has a deep collar that exposes much of the upper chest area above the breast. The shawl does not extend much out of the arm, and so the whole arm and even the sides of the breast is visible if there is too much movement. Some shawls extend more than others but that only depends on personal preferences. The bottom is as revealing as the top. The bottom exposes almost all of the naturally long legs of the Teathudans. It is a small skirt that is long near the middle while short on the sides. The longer part of the skirt reaches all the way to the knee while the short part barely extends out beyond a small strip. Most Teathudans wear nothing underneath the skirt, but it is more of a personal preference.

Teshi
=====

The dressing of the Teathudans under Teshi vary because of the wide range of temperatures available on the planet.

The dress that the Teathudans in Teshi’s Hold depends on where on the planet the Teathudans live in. Like tradition, the top does not have a left sleeve no matter the weather. The top is a coat that is open in the front. The right flap is short, coming only high enough to cover the breasts. The left flap is longer and extends to cover the midriff and extend towards the knees. The back extends all the way to the ankle to make a stylized cape, but this is opted out of for poorer Teathudans because of expense and the damage that the back has to endure. Wealthy Teathudans have colorful tops and fold the left flap so that it is in the bottom and the right flap over. This style is only used for formal occasions, otherwise the left flap is on top and is the only flap visible. A belt is worn under the breasts to keep the flaps in place. The left flap is also traditionally wider than the right flap though fashion changes. One of the long traditions of the Teathudans in Teshi’s realm is the use of breast bands to make breasts appear smaller than they are. Usually worn under the coat, these breast bands are worn whenever outside and even at home when guests visit. Not wearing a band is shown as uncivilized and the bands themselves are expensive. Sometimes, the flaps are cut in such a way to allow part of the chest to be seen and therefore also exposing the breast band. This is considered fashionable in Teshi’s Hold. Most midriffs also come with a hood or cap that can be worn to escape from the cold in most regions. Gloves are also encouraged in cold regions, although the left hand is usually left open on formal occasions even in cold weather. Pants are loose near the thighs, while in colder weather, knee high boots are used to constrict the pants near the lower leg to keep the wind out.

Dea
===

The traditional dress worn by most citizens of Dea’s state is generally loose to keep cool yet not revealing stay modest.

The upper part of the dress is interestingly designed. The top is loose, a rectangular cloth with a hole in the middle for the head. Straps are wrapped over the cloth to keep them on the body. The straps usually are wrapped around the breast tightly to enhance them. Sometimes the cloth extends all the way to the midriff, while sometimes it doesn’t. Rarely do the straps extend all the way to the midriff and usually only are wrapped around the upper body and the breasts. The intricacies of the pattern the straps and the material of the top and the straps depends on the position of the wearer in society. Compared to the top, the bottom is very bland, mostly pants. The length of the pants depend on preferences. Skirts are rarely worn and only by wealthy Teathudans. Sandals are the dominant style of footwear, but wealthy Teathudans often wear shoes with skirts.

Thea
====

Because of the similarities of weather in Thea and Dea’s hold, the clothing of the Teathudans are very similar. Teathudans in Thea’s hold are much less modest than those of Dea’s hold.

The clothing in Dea’s hold involves a long rectangular cloth with the long sides connected so that it makes a circle. These circular cloths are used for midriffs and the skirts or shorts. The cloths for the skirts are longer than ones for midriff. The most popular design for the top is a one sided design intended for left hand to be covered. Used by mostly the higher class, this dress is not worn when doing manual labor. One of the smaller circular cloth is wrapped diagonally around the chest over the shoulder. The cloth is spread over one of the breast and goes over the opposite shoulder. A cloak wraps around the neck and the main part of the cloth is restricted to only one side to loosely cover the breast. Which side the cloak is depends upon the position of the Teathudan. A wealthy Teathudan will wear the cloak on the left side while another of the lower class will do it for the right. The cloak is designed so that it also wraps around the waist effectively covering the crotch so that no skirt or pant is needed. One leg is intentionally exposed. The cloak is usually decorated according to the position of the Teathudan wearing it. Yet most poor Teathudans forsake the cloak. They choose to cover the left breast with another similar cloth as the right breast, and instead of depending on the cloak to cover their crotch wear pants. Knee high boots are worn in almost every situation.

Ashadha
=======

The people of Ashadha’s realm wear a lot of jewelry. Although in the house, most heavy jewelry is forsaken for lighter and less valuable jewelry. Clothing is given much less attention.

The top is usually bra made of chain inlaid with some metal or mineral. There are many types of tops made. More wealthy Teathudans might sometimes opt for a full shirt that is inlaid with various stones. Although common fashion for the wealthy is a scant, yet heavily jeweled necklace that is long enough to cover the breasts. Middle class Teathudans sometime wear a top that is scant though modest and made of less valuable metal. The very poor might wear cloth for modesty. For most Teathudans the bottom involves two parts: a cloth pant or skirt and a chain skirt. Like the top, the chain skirt depends on a Teathudan’s position. A wealthy Teathudan might wear a long skirt designed with rare metals and minerals. Many opt out of cloth skirts or pants, and some may purposefully wear a short and dense skirt without the cloth underneath. The length and complexity of the skirt decreases as status decreases. Middle class Teathudans might be able to afford a skirt that comes the knee. Shoes are the only item that minimally involve some kind of metal. They are adorned with metals but are mainly made out of leather or cloth.

Soti
====

The dress in Soti’s realm may be the simplest dress in all the Holds. Simplicity is given a lot of value in Soti’s Hold and only in Soti’s Hold will one find that one cannot distinguish between rich and poor through clothing.

In Soti’s Hold, Teathudans of all classes wear the same type of clothing with different colors to add variety. All clothing starts with the same type of long cloth that is used in the Royal Dress with the exception of tiny holes on edges of the cloth. The width of this cloth is enough that, when worn from the waist by an average Teathudan, the cloth reaches the floor. And in the same way of the Royal Dress the cloth is wrapped around the waist thrice. Unlike the Royal Dress, most Teathudan will wear a top and shorts below the wrapping. The wrapping itself is surprisingly similar with slight variations that the people may add on according to their preference. Unlike the Royal Dress, the extra cloth from the wrapping the cloth around the waist is pulled up from the front. The cloth is brought over a shoulder, and spread across the back. Small metal rings are used to connect the front and back cloth using the holes on the edges. The remaining cloth is wrapped around an arm of choice or slung over to the front. In any case where the skirt hinders any work. The front part of the skirt is folded and then tucked into the waist line to create more movement for the legs. Sandals are usually worn on the feet.

Sethi
=====

The dress in Sethi's hold is the most generic of all dresses. The clothing is minimal and not given much attention.

One of the reasons Sethi's Teathudans wear such scant clothing is because of the heat caused by the closeness to the star, and the erratic orbit around the planet which causes the core to be very hot. The rich are more likely to adorn themselves with makeup and fancy hair styles. Jewelry is also a commonly worn. Thin jewelry woven in the hair and worn on the neck and the abdomen is popular, but jewelry has an unspoken rule: it is never to be worn alongside any clothing. Rich Teathudans will wear metal bras or thick jewelry on the top that will hide their breast. Cloth pants or skirts are usually allowed with jewelry. In terms of clothing, normal Teathudans wear pants on the bottom and a strappy bra. Specifically made to keep the breasts tight to the body when working, this bra is made to maximize openness but keep its function. The bra is made up of two strips of cloth: one that goes over the breast, and one right under the breast. The strips are in turn connected to each other and served as a cups for the breasts by smaller strips whose length determine the tightness of the cup. These strips can be weaved in and out of the two straps on top and bottom to make different designs. The rich on the other hand would instead of wearing a strappy bra wear only a strappy pants. An underwear is the base of this pants and strips of cloth are weaved around the foot lightly. This usually ends up showing much of leg, leaving nothing to the imagination. There are times when the bottom is designed so that the crotch is fully exposed, and the bottom is only worn for design or effect. Shoes are avoided and only worn by poor, since the rich prefer to travel in some way that doesn’t involve walking.
